README.md, before:

<span style="font-size:14px">

```
$ alias about_me=neofetch
$ about_me

                 .mmMMMMMMMMMMMMMmm.                   
             .mMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMm.               
          .mMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMm.
        .MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM.         escher@github
      .MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM.       -------------
     MMMMMMMM'  `"MMMMM"""""""MMMM""`  'MMMMMMMM      OS: Arch Linux
    MMMMMMMMM                           MMMMMMMMM     Host: Northern Virginia
   MMMMMMMMMM:                         :MMMMMMMMMM    Kernel: Linux
  .MMMMMMMMMM                           MMMMMMMMMM.   Uptime: Programming since 2020
  MMMMMMMMM"                             "MMMMMMMMM   Packages: No bloatware
  MMMMMMMMM                               MMMMMMMMM   Shell: zsh
  MMMMMMMMM                               MMMMMMMMM   Resolution: 20/20 vision @ spotting bugs
  MMMMMMMMMM                             MMMMMMMMMM   Window Manager: dwm
  `MMMMMMMMMM                           MMMMMMMMMM`   Text Editor: neovim
   MMMMMMMMMMMM.                     .MMMMMMMMMMMM    Theme: gruvbox
    MMMMMM  MMMMMMMMMM         MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM     CPU: Coffee (2) @ 8.0fl.oz [85.0°]
     MMMMMM  'MMMMMMM           MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM      CPU Usage: 100%
      `MMMMMM  "MMMMM           MMMMMMMMMMMMMM`       Memory: I always learn from & remember my mistakes
        `MMMMMm                 MMMMMMMMMMMM`         Disk: coding / the_time (90%)
          `"MMMMMMMMM           MMMMMMMMM"`
             `"MMMMMM           MMMMMM"`           
                 `""M           M""`
```

#### Languages I use
![Python]
![JavaScript]
![HTML5]
![CSS3]

#### Frameworks I use
[![Django][Django]][Django-url]
[![DjangoREST][DjangoREST]][DjangoREST-url]
[![React][React]][React-url]
[![Nextjs][Nextjs]][Nextjs-url]
[![Bootstrap][Bootstrap]][Bootstrap-url]

#### Tools I use
[![Postman][Postman]][Postman-url]
[![Git][Git]][Git-url]
[![Linux][Linux]][Linux-url]
[![Neovim][Neovim]][Neovim-url]

[Python]: https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54
[JavaScript]: https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E
[HTML5]: https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white
[CSS3]: https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white
[Shell Script]: https://img.shields.io/badge/shell_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white

[Django]: https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white
[Django-url]: https://www.djangoproject.com/
[DjangoREST]: https://img.shields.io/badge/DJANGO-REST-ff1709?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white&color=ff1709&labelColor=gray
[DjangoREST-url]: https://www.django-rest-framework.org/
[React]: https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB
[React-url]: https://reactjs.org/
[Nextjs]: https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white
[Nextjs-url]: https://nextjs.org/
[Bootstrap]: https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%23563D7C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white
[Bootstrap-url]: https://getbootstrap.com

[Postman]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white
[Postman-url]: https://www.postman.com/
[Git]: https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white
[Git-url]: https://git-scm.com/
[Linux]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black
[Linux-url]: https://github.com/torvalds/linux
[Neovim]: https://img.shields.io/badge/NeoVim-%2357A143.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=neovim&logoColor=white
[Neovim-url]: https://neovim.io/

Commit message:

Link to my starred repositories

README.md, after:

<span style="font-size:14px">

```
$ alias about_me=neofetch
$ about_me

                 .mmMMMMMMMMMMMMMmm.                   
             .mMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMm.               
          .mMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMm.
        .MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM.         escher@github
      .MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM.       -------------
     MMMMMMMM'  `"MMMMM"""""""MMMM""`  'MMMMMMMM      OS: Arch Linux
    MMMMMMMMM                           MMMMMMMMM     Host: Northern Virginia
   MMMMMMMMMM:                         :MMMMMMMMMM    Kernel: Linux
  .MMMMMMMMMM                           MMMMMMMMMM.   Uptime: Programming since 2020
  MMMMMMMMM"                             "MMMMMMMMM   Packages: No bloatware
  MMMMMMMMM                               MMMMMMMMM   Shell: zsh
  MMMMMMMMM                               MMMMMMMMM   Resolution: 20/20 vision @ spotting bugs
  MMMMMMMMMM                             MMMMMMMMMM   Window Manager: dwm
  `MMMMMMMMMM                           MMMMMMMMMM`   Text Editor: neovim
   MMMMMMMMMMMM.                     .MMMMMMMMMMMM    Theme: gruvbox
    MMMMMM  MMMMMMMMMM         MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM     CPU: Coffee (2) @ 8.0fl.oz [85.0°]
     MMMMMM  'MMMMMMM           MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM      CPU Usage: 100%
      `MMMMMM  "MMMMM           MMMMMMMMMMMMMM`       Memory: I always learn from & remember my mistakes
        `MMMMMm                 MMMMMMMMMMMM`         Disk: coding / the_time (90%)
          `"MMMMMMMMM           MMMMMMMMM"`
             `"MMMMMM           MMMMMM"`           
                 `""M           M""`
```

#### Languages I use
![Python]
![JavaScript]
![HTML5]
![CSS3]

#### Frameworks I use
[![Django][Django]][Django-url]
[![DjangoREST][DjangoREST]][DjangoREST-url]
[![React][React]][React-url]
[![Nextjs][Nextjs]][Nextjs-url]
[![Bootstrap][Bootstrap]][Bootstrap-url]

#### Tools I use
[![Postman][Postman]][Postman-url]
[![Git][Git]][Git-url]
[![Linux][Linux]][Linux-url]
[![Neovim][Neovim]][Neovim-url]

I frequently star repositories that I find interesting or use regularly. Check out [my stars](https://github.com/EscherMoore?tab=stars) to get a glimpse of what excites me!

[Python]: https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54
[JavaScript]: https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E
[HTML5]: https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white
[CSS3]: https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white
[Shell Script]: https://img.shields.io/badge/shell_script-%23121011.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-bash&logoColor=white

[Django]: https://img.shields.io/badge/django-%23092E20.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white
[Django-url]: https://www.djangoproject.com/
[DjangoREST]: https://img.shields.io/badge/DJANGO-REST-ff1709?style=for-the-badge&logo=django&logoColor=white&color=ff1709&labelColor=gray
[DjangoREST-url]: https://www.django-rest-framework.org/
[React]: https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB
[React-url]: https://reactjs.org/
[Nextjs]: https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white
[Nextjs-url]: https://nextjs.org/
[Bootstrap]: https://img.shields.io/badge/bootstrap-%23563D7C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=bootstrap&logoColor=white
[Bootstrap-url]: https://getbootstrap.com

[Postman]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white
[Postman-url]: https://www.postman.com/
[Git]: https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white
[Git-url]: https://git-scm.com/
[Linux]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black
[Linux-url]: https://github.com/torvalds/linux
[Neovim]: https://img.shields.io/badge/NeoVim-%2357A143.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=neovim&logoColor=white
[Neovim-url]: https://neovim.io/
